Project Proposal1) Describes your portal widgetThere are many different buildings on campus and it is hard to remember the relevant locations and routes. The 'UW Creative Map' widget will generate a random artistic map showing the origin and destination entered (both of which must be UW buildings). The map will be creative because it will have appealing animatinos and customized icons for the origin and destination markers. It will also display a different map style (i.e. different hue/brightness/saturation/lightness/gamma/add and remove detail) and select a random route color every time the user presses 'generate'. Moreover, the user will have an option to choose from a set of preconfigured styles if they are not happy with their randomly generated map style. The option to view the duration of travel between the two selected buildings will be available (default is driving duration) and the building addresses will also be resolved (from the available longitude and latitude co ordinates) and displayed. All in all, the user will receive useful, customized geographical information in a visually pleasing and interactive manner. [possible extension: adding weather information; this was incorporated into the rough mockup of the application]  2) Describes how the user will interact with itUser will enter their origin and destination by selecting from a drop down of UW buildings (this data will be provided by UW Open Data API) and press the generate button. The user will also be able to click on some map control buttons, which allow the user to toggle between seeing route information, select a predetermined map style, animate the origin/destination marker and show the building name/address. In addition, the user will be able to zoom and subsequently reset the map to get back to the calculated 'optimal zoom' view. Reset will also close any location marker boxes and route display on the map. 3) Describes what you anticipate will be the implementation challenges (e.g.: integrating data from Twitter and api.uwaterloo, validating data input from users, displaying a lot of data in a compact space etc. The challenge will be figuring out how to use the Google Maps API as it is quite extensive. Furthermore, the widget involves feeding in data from UW Open Data API to Google Maps API and doing this effectively might be challenging. Furthermore, it might be hard to generate a new style every time the user clicks 'generate', I am not sure how this will be done, at this point all I know is that the map style data needs to be in JSON format. Furthermore, it might be hard to come up with an effective layout such that the predetermined map styles, building address and travel duration information is displayed in an aesthetically pleasing manner. Keeping in mind that I have very little experience with client side programming I expect to encounter many smaller problems related to JavaScript and JQuery oddities. 